Added site collection quota information to private-channels.md (#4759)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/private-channels.md

## Private channel SharePoint sites

> Each private channel has its own SharePoint site collection optimized for file sharing and fast provisioning. The separate site collection is to ensure access to private channel files is restricted to only members of the private channel compared to the team site where team owners have access to all the assets within the site collection. These site collections are created with a document library by default, and can be easily enhanced to a full-featured site collection through the [site management interface](https://support.office.com/article/Enable-or-disable-site-collection-features-A2F2A5C2-093D-4897-8B7F-37F86D83DF04). Each site collection is created in the same geographic region as the site collection of the parent team. These lightweight sites have a custom template ID, "TEAMCHANNEL#0", for easier management through PowerShell and Graph API. By design, they aren't visible in the SharePoint admin center. These site collections are created with a 25TB storage quota and cannot be changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each private channel has its own SharePoint site collection optimized for file sharing and fast provisioning. The separate site collection is to ensure access to private channel files is restricted to only members of the private channel compared to the team site where team owners have access to all the assets within the site collection. These site collections are created with a document library by default, and can be easily enhanced to a full-featured site collection through the [site management interface](https://support.office.com/article/Enable-or-disable-site-collection-features-A2F2A5C2-093D-4897-8B7F-37F86D83DF04). Each site collection is created in the same geographic region as the site collection of the parent team. These lightweight sites have a custom template ID, "TEAMCHANNEL#0", for easier management through PowerShell and Graph API. By design, they aren't visible in the SharePoint admin center. These site collections are created with a 25 TB storage quota and cannot be changed.
```
